hey everybody model man here and on the
bench for November 15 2012 yeah it's the
Jupiter still all bagged up and safe the
first thing I'll be doing with this is
threading fiber optics and setting up I
think red LEDs first I've got all my
charts and layouts and color calls and
all out here red green blue etc I think
red there's like 50 plus single point
lights all over the ship so as that's
the most significant one next to the C
yellow orange blue green red will be
going first so that's on the bench here
I still got my girlfriend's lightsaber
which I haven't touched in a while
either now and over here I'm really
sorry everybody I still haven't finished
up doing the review for this nor setting
up the lights or anything like that it's
coming I just been really busy with work
and unable to get to this there's just
so many projects and obligations i have
that i'm really sorry about that
hopefully i'll get this done before the
lighting kit itself is actually released
and thanks to jamie hood for letting me
hold on to the lighting kit as long as i
have so far so another than you hey guys
got here from scale model addict i'm
excited to announce that pre-orders for
issue 1 and print subscriptions of scale
model attic magazine are now available
you can get your subscriptions today at
scale model attic magazine com we are
working on the digital version and it
will soon be available in the App Store
on pocket bags
descriptions are sixty dollars plus
shipping and the shipping price is
determined by your location you can get
lots more information about pre-orders
and issue one at scale model attic
magazine com as a subscriber you're
going to get a couple really cool things
the first being what we call the
subscriber pack which is a lot of
coupons and bonuses from our partners
secondly as a subscriber you're going to
get access to exclusive video content
for each and every issue and the first
issue features some excellent photo etch
tutorials from ken Abrams I'd like to
thank all our partners for their support
and getting issue 12 press we are going
to press and you can get your pre-order
today at scale model attic magazine com
have a great day god bless you we
appreciate your support be sure to share
this video on youtube like it and share
it on Facebook and tweet about us thanks
that's right it's the premier edition of
scale model attic magazine issue number
one this is one book that you know you
can judge by the cover never mind the
people behind it Scott gerban the scale
model addict themself ten Abrams and a
host of other folks providing tips and
techniques bring your models to a whole
new level scale model addict magazine
thanks for watching as always hopefully
I'll get some videos out to you before
the end of the year certainly I'm really
dying to get back to the Jupiter I'm
really dying to get this thing off of my
bench here and I just ordered my 1701
premier kit order number 1579 so I just
barely made it under the wire as far as
I'm concerned I'm looking forward to
getting that too we'll take a look at
that when it shows up probably sometime
after Thanksgiving that's November 25th
or so to everyone outside of the States
oh and one other thing the model man
charity auction featuring most of the
kits you see here more details to come
as that gets closer I want to have all
these in your hands before Christmas
happens so that doesn't give me a lot of
time another thing that will be doing I
just picked up this old 2d reham kit for
twenty bucks I'll be popping the plastic
on that and we'll take a look at it also
I've shot the review videos for that
white Western truck this Mustang and
there's another car behind that what I
haven't shot yet from round two are the
reviews for all of these kits the clear
ds9 Hornet a couple cars another car
some more cars but really that deep
space nine that's what we're going to be
taking a look at so thanks for watching
as always see some other YouTube
channels you check out as always scale
model addict launching scale model
addict magazine dr. Faust the painting
clinic check out Tony for miniatures and
models and for the best and rats rods
and rust dr. cranky Steve nails garage
with Rosie the wonder dog
bad Grendel's and also thinking of the
fiber optic store calm for an incredible
selection fiber optics and elliot brown
at fedora tron and warm plastic calm
vacu forming tables for designers
modelers and engineers and lighting for
extraordinary modelers round two models
for model reviews and if you want to get
featured on the big board here let me
know this is a new thing I'm starting up
and we'll see how it goes as always
modelers brand hobby supplies portable
LED gear for hobbyists for my events
yours thanks for watching see you